Blue, 18.
Set. Hit. Hit.
Zach. Zach. Crossbuck
30. Crossbuck 30.
Crossbow at 30. Crossbow at 30.
Ready? Ready.
The Eagles will have to go for it with
just 42 seconds left and no timeouts.
Coach Taylor can get his first winning
season for the Shiloh Christian Academy
if they can pull this play off.
Move it! Set, hit!
Zach Avery pitches
back to Jacob Hall.
Jacob's going to try to pass it.
He's got Jeremy Johnson
going down the field.
Here come the
Tigers. Throw it, Jacob!
Jacob's gonna try
to tuck it and run,
and he's gonna be taken down at the
40-yard line, stopped by Lewis Slaughter.
Jeremy Johnson was
wide open down the field.
If he'd only had a few seconds
more to throw the football,
this game might have
had a different outcome.
As it is, the Tigers will take over
now and will no doubt run out the clock,
thus ending Coach Grant Taylor's bid
for his first winning season in six years.
Now he'll have to wait until next
season for that all-elusive winning record.
That's if they let him
come back next year.
Hi. Get 'em, Claire.
Hey, Grant. Come on, y' all.
Quit talking. Let's
go, let's go. Hurry.
What?
What? You gotta be kidding me.
This had better be a joke. No.
He said he came in this
morning, got his papers.
Wait. A player can't just transfer
to another school to play football.
He's gotta make a
change of address.
He did. He's moving
in with his dad.
I can't believe that.
This is the third time
this has happened.
Spend three years
pouring into 'em.
What do they do when
they get to their senior year?
They transfer to a
rival school. Why?
Well, 'cause at the end of the
season nobody wants to be on TV
going "We're number six,
baby. We're number six."
Well, you asked.
Just had to go
there, didn't you?
Coach, is it true that
Darren switched to Tucker?
We'll talk about it in
a minute. So it's true.
a minute. Huddle up!
Coach, is it true that
Darren transferred to Tucker?
I got word this morning that
Darren did transfer to Tucker.
There goes the season. The
season'll be whatever we make it.
Who's gonna take his place? He
scored a third of our points last year.
You let me worry
about that. We're not
starting off the season
as if it's doomsday.
Nobody's
irreplaceable. Darren is.
Darren is not. There's more to a
good football team than a running back.
If anything, this ought to
push you to take up the slack.
Stop worrying about Darren.
Get out there and start your drills.
We got a game to
play this Friday night.
Let's go, Shiloh.
Come on. Let's go.
Why'd you park all
the way out there?
Had to. It died again.
Why don't we get a new battery?
I'll get Brady to help
me tomorrow morning.
I don't wanna
think about it now.
Want me to take a
look at it for you? Stop it.
Oh, sweet...
Grant, I don't know
what that smell is.
I've scrubbed everything I can.
It's terrible.
I know it is, but
what else can I do?
I don't even know
where it's coming from.
Well, this day stunk.
Why shouldn't my house?
What do you mean?
Darren transferred to Tucker.
What? He did not?
Yep. Came by and got his
papers, didn't even say goodbye.
Why? Why do you think?
Didn't see a chance
of winning at Shiloh.
But it ain't like Tucker's gonna
guarantee him a scholarship.
Ooh, I bet the
boys are frustrated.
More than you know.
I meant to throw that away.
Did you think you were pregnant?
I don't know. I just
wanna be pregnant so bad
that my mind plays tricks on me.
You know it's been four
years since we started trying?
Would you be opposed to
me going to see a specialist?
No.
I'd just like to know
what she says.
OK.
I thought we were
having spaghetti tonight.
Stove's not working.
You are kidding me.
So we got a leak
in the back room,
the dryer only
works half the time,
the car's dying on us and
now the stove's broken.
That's about right.
No wonder I'm losing my hair.
I love you.
And now your Georgia Sports
Break with Alicia Houston.
The Richland Giants have
started football practice
as the new school
year gets under way.
The team will be defending a
three-year GISA state championship run.
Now they prepare
to fight for a fourth.
I'm here with head coach
Bobby Lee Duke of the Giants.
Coach Duke, how does
this year look for the team?
Alice, we've grown real
fond of the state title.
We don't see any reason
to give it up this year.
I've got most of my
starters coming back
and I've got a strong bench.
So I've only got
one thing to say:
get off the tracks,
'cause the freight
train's coming.
I hope that's not a sign of the way the
rest of the season's gonna go, Coach.
Why did he have to
say that? Just let it go.
I hate this car.
Let's find somebody with
jumper cables and let's go home.
It's bad enough you
lose your first game.
Now I can't even
start my own car.
This happens to everybody.
Don't be embarrassed about it.
Grant, I wasn't
that embarrassed.
Then why did you hide?
Why does this house
have to stink so bad?
You'll get used to it
after a couple of hours.
Honey, we gotta do
something about the car.
The only thing it does
faithfully for us is break down.
That's about right.
Would it not be better
just to get a small new car?
You know we can't afford
that. How do other people do it?
Other people make
more than 24,000 a year.
You make 6,000.
That takes us to 30.
Enough to help us with
repairs occasionally,
not with a new car payment.
Besides, there's other bills
we don't normally have to pay.
Like what? Like my doctor bill.
You saw her today?
What did she say?
She said that I'm fine.
My numbers are normal and she
saw nothing that gave her concern.
That's good.
It doesn't mean the
problem is with you.
What else could it mean?
We just may not have
given it enough time.
Four years?
Are you still hoping
we'll have a baby?
You know I am.
Me too.
I catch myself thinking
about it more and more.
Don't you wanna know if
something's preventing it?
Are you afraid of
getting checked out?
Yes.
Grant, I'm still
clinging to a hope
that one day we'll
have children.
I imagine 'em
running in this house.
I hear 'em playing
in the backyard
or running to our
bed in a thunderstorm.
And I think about
reading 'em stories
and teaching 'em songs.
And I just keep thinking
how can I miss someone so much
that I have never met?
I'll go.
Stanley.
Stanley, do you wanna tell me what
you're doing on the top of my desk?
No.
Do you have any idea how
you got on top of my desk?
No.
I suggest you get
down immediately.
You two can tell Coach Taylor
that the reason why
you're late for practice today
is because you've
been sitting in detention.
Come on. That was
some serious humor.
I'll get serious
about your humor
when you get serious
about your studies.
55?
Well, if you wanna announce
your grade to the entire class,
you go right ahead.
57.
So basically we got the
toughest schedule we ever had
and less talent
than we ever had.
At least we got Dewey
County on Friday night.
That'll be a pretty easy win.
I'm concerned it
might be our only win.
We'll pull three or four out.
That'll give us another
average season.
I'm so sick of average seasons.
I gotta go. Where are you going?
Got a doctor's
appointment. For what?
I have a doctor's
Leave the man alone.
He don't have to tell you.
So what's wrong with you, man?
I'll be back in a
couple of hours.
Now look what you did.
You done made him mad.
Me? You're the one
that made him mad.
No, not me. Besides, I
know where he's going.
Where?
He's going to the hair doctor.
The man is going bald. You hadn't
noticed that underdeveloped region?
You're one to talk, Slick.
No, see, when a black man
goes bald, he still looks good.
Look at Michael Jordan,
George Foreman,
Samuel L. Jackson.
Classy-looking brothers.
Who you got? Kojak?
Yeah, Coach gonna
get him some plugs.
Grant would not get plugs.
Don't laugh. You next.
♪ It feels like a
brand-new day ♪
♪ And I know I'm not the same ♪
Your soccer skills get
better every year, son.
It doesn't matter, Dad. Shiloh
doesn't have a soccer team.
They play football.
So? Why not kick
for the football team?
They've already
got a good kicker.
I'm sure they wouldn't mind
having two good kickers.
Dad, I'm too small.
I really just don't
feel like getting killed.
Are you saying
you're not interested
or you'd like to try
out but you're afraid?
What if I don't even
make the team?
Well, you're already
not on the team.
I mean, you can't get any more not
on the team than you are right now.
OK, Dad.
David, you can't
be afraid of failure.
Everyone fails at some point.
So you think I should try
out for the football team?
Well, if you're waiting
around for soccer,
it ain't gonna happen.
Ow!
Coach Owens, have
you got a minute? Yeah.
Look, some of the
men have been talking.
We really wanna see this school
succeed with our football program.
I know you feel
the same way, too.
But, frankly,
we don't ever see that happening
while Coach Taylor is here.
Well, you know we're
in a rebuilding season.
Look, I know he's
a fine man an' all,
but he's had six years here
and nothing significant
to even show for it.
You know, I honestly believe you
would make a better head coach.
Some of us have requested
a meeting with Mr. Ryker.
If you would just support us,
I really believe this
could go a lot easier.
Mr. Pervis, I don't know.
Look, it's not like we're
trying to hurt the guy.
What we're doing is for
the benefit of the school.
You just think about it.
Good hustle, Casey.
What was that about? What?
Alvin Pervis. Oh,
we were just talking.
Everything all right?
Yeah. MAN: Mr. Taylor.
Yes.
I'm Larry Childers.
This is my son
David. He's a junior.
We're new to the
school this year.
Good to meet you.
What can I do for you?
I just wanted to
introduce myself to you
and David wanted to know if it
was too late to try out for the team.
You a football player? Well,
I've always played soccer
but I figured I could
try out as a kicker.
OK. Well, I've got a pretty good kicker,
but I don't mind letting you try out.
Jonathan, come here.
This is Jonathan. He holds for
our main kicker, Joshua Webster.
Jonathan, this
is David Childers.
He wants to try out as a kicker.
Why don't you two go
out there and try a few
kicks just to get your
feet wet a little bit?
All right, sure. Thank you, sir.
If you don't mind, I'll just
hang around till practice is over.
No problem. Good to meet you.
Y'all just move here?
Yeah, from Athens.
My dad got a job
teaching at the college.
That's cool.
I'm used to kicking
soccer balls,
but I thought I
could at least try out.
Josh is a pretty good kicker,
but he's also a receiver.
I think he likes that
better than kicking.
Here you go.
I'm sorry.
Man, I'm sorry.
Ow!
Sorry about
that. It's all right.
Hey, watch it. Sorry.
♪ Every world is so colorful ♪
♪ And you look back at me ♪
♪ You know it makes me say ♪
♪ I'm finding you ♪
Matt.
Let's go. I'm going with
Brock for a little walk.
Not tonight. You're
coming home. Why?
Don't argue with me. Let's
go. No, Dad. I'll be home later.
Matt.
That old man still come every
week to pray in the hallway?
Mr. Bridges. Prays for the
students as he passes their locker.
How long has he been doing
that? Since before I got here.
Lord knows we need it.
Apathy in the school's as
bad as our football record.
That reminds me.
I think you should let
David Childers on the team.
You see something there? Well,
he's just used to playing soccer.
He ain't that strong,
but he shows promise.
All right. I'll give him a shot.
One, two, hit!
What are you doing?
Let's stay in the game!
No! No!
Will someone tell me how we
lost to Dewey County 21 to 7?
21 to 7.
Dewey County hasn't beaten
Shiloh since you were in kindergarten.
I don't know what you call that junk
out there, but it sure wasn't football.
Nine dropped passes, four
fumbles, three interceptions.
Their defense scored
most of their points.
You gave the game away.
You can't win football games if
you don't play together as a team.
You can't win when you're more concerned
about what you're doing afterwards.
You can't learn the plays when you
miss practice 'cause you're in detention.
I'm sick of the
apathy on this team.
If we're not here to win football
games, then why are we here?
So, do you agree with him?
I don't know.
I guess.
Only a few guys on the
team really seem to care.
So are you ready
to play in the game?
I don't know why they would use
me when they've got Joshua Webster.
He can kick a
45-yard field goal.
I bet you could too.
Dad, I can barely kick
a 35-yard field goal.
At the end of the game,
kind of glad I didn't play.
That way, I can't mess up.
That's fear, son.
I just don't wanna
embarrass the team.
David, I've asked God
since you were a baby
that he would show how
strong he is in your life
and that through you people
would see how good he is.
Then why would he make
me so small and weak?
To show how mighty he is.
Why don't we get washed up
for dinner? We can finish this later.
All right.
Dad.
OK. I'm OK.
What were you doing?
You missed a spot up there.
Thought I could get it for you.
I guess I got a
little too ambitious.
I was just trying to
take a swing at it.
So, what does that mean?
Is there a procedure?
What are my options?
Grant, first you need you realize this
is a fairly common problem for men.
Thousands of couples are unable to
have children. You do have options.
Although there's only a
10% chance of success,
many couples have
tried in vitro fertilization.
We can't afford that. The
other option is to adopt a child.
But it's about as
expensive either way.
If you're interested, I'll put you
in touch with the local agency.
I realize this is
difficult for you to hear,
but at least you and your
wife can make the best decision
now that you know where you are.
Sorry. I didn't realize
anybody was still here.
Hey, Steve. Putting
in late hours tonight?
Yeah, I guess so. I can
lock up. You can take off.
All right. Thanks, Coach.
It's about the boys.
I'm not asking you
to throw him out.
If Shiloh can invest
in a winning coach,
we don't need to
settle for second best.
Let him go with as much
class as you want to.
Alvin, he's a good man.
I'm not saying he's
not a good man.
I'm saying he's
not a good coach.
Come on, Dan.
Just look at the facts.
His record speaks for itself.
We need new leadership.
I still think he
deserves more time.
He's had six years.
If he was capable
of winning, he'd
have done it by now.
Grant Taylor is not
capable of winning.
He doesn't have it in
him. That's the whole point.
I'm just saying I want my son to
have the best football program possible.
My son's got a chance
for a football scholarship
if he's taught by
the right coach.
Matt's gonna be
a senior next year.
I don't wanna see him
lose this opportunity.
Brady, you're awfully quiet.
What's your take on this?
Honestly, I don't know.
Sometimes I think Grant could do a
better job with this football program.
But then other times I think he's
doing just as good as anyone else would.
You could do better
than Coach Taylor.
What we need is a change. - Now.
We're losing booster support,
game attendance is down,
and from the looks of it
we've already lost this season.
Dan, we've got a weak program
because we've got a weak coach.
He's dead weight. We
need to cut him loose.
Have you been at
school all this time?
Yes.
I tried to call you an hour
ago. Is everything all right?
Grant, talk to me.
I don't know where to start.
What's going on?
I was trying to
lock up for Steve
and I overheard Dan
meeting with some fathers.
They didn't know I was there.
Brooke, they're pushing
him to get rid of me.
Neil Prater, Alvin
Pervis, Luke Rae.
They said I wasn't capable of
winning, called me dead weight.
They can't make Dan fire
you. You've still got support.
You just go get J.T. and
Brady and see him tomorrow.
Brady was there.
They've just lost
confidence in me.
I was so sure I could
turn this program around
and I've just sunk it lower.
Brooke, I've tried so
hard. Why can't I win?
You can win. Stop
beating yourself up, Grant.
Brooke, I can't provide
you with a decent home.
I can't provide you
with a decent car.
I'm a failing coach
with a losing record.
And I can't give you
the children you want.
What?
It's me.
Like everything else is me.
We can't have our own
children because of me.
What's God doing?
Why is it so hard?
It's OK, Grant.
It's OK.
"I love you, O
Lord, my strength.
"The Lord is my rock and
my fortress, my deliverer,
"my God in whom I trust,
"my shield and the horn of
my salvation, my stronghold.
"I will call upon the Lord
who is worthy to be praised.
So shall I be saved
from my enemies."
Lord Jesus, would you help me?
I need you.
Lord, I feel like there's
giants of fear and failure
just staring down at
me waiting to crush me.
And I don't know
how to beat 'em, Lord.
I'm tired of being afraid.
Lord, if you want me to do
something else, show me.
If you don't want me to
have children, so be it.
But you're my guide.
You're on the throne.
You can have my
hopes and my dreams.
Lord, give me something.
Show me something.
If the Lord never gives us
children, will you still love him?
Field-goal unit.
Hold on, Joshua. I wanna give David
a shot at this one. David, come here.
This is your field goal.
Put us on the board.
Hit.
It's all right, man.
You'll get it next time.
Dad, I don't even know
why they let me on the team.
Did you do your best, son?
I knew I was gonna miss
it before I even kicked it.
Your actions will always
follow your beliefs, David.
Dad, I can't even
kick it straight.
And I can't walk. Should I just
stay home and pout about it?
If you accept defeat, David,
then that's what you'll get.
Well, Brady,
another fine example
of Grant Taylor's
wonderful coaching abilities.
The kids don't deserve it.
The fans don't deserve it.
When you gonna get
a bellyful of this guy?
What's it gonna take?
You got a chance, man.
You got a chance to step
in and take over this program
and carry it up for a while.
When are you gonna
get sick and tired of it?
You got an opportunity here.
This program's
going in the tank.
Ryker's gotta...
Grant, he came to me.
You're not doing any
favors sitting on the fence.
You determine which side
you wanna be on and stay on it.
Mr. Bridges.
Revelation Chapter 3 says:
"We serve a God that opens
doors that no one can shut,
"and he shuts doors
that no one can open.
"He says, 'Behold, I have placed before
you an open door that no one can shut.
"'I know you have
a little strength,
yet you have kept my word
and have not denied my name.'"
Coach Taylor, the Lord
is not through with you yet.
You still have an
open door here,
and until the Lord moves you,
you're to bloom right
where you're planted.
I just felt led to come
and tell you that today.
Mr. Bridges.
Do you believe God told
you to come tell me that?
I do.
I admit to you I
have been struggling.
But I've also been praying.
I just don't see
him at work here.
Grant, I heard a story
about two farmers
who desperately needed rain.
Both of them prayed for rain,
but only one of them went out
and prepared his fields to receive it.
Which one do you think
trusted God to send the rain?
The one who
prepared his fields for it.
Which one are you?
God will send the
rain when he's ready.
You need to prepare
your field to receive it.
So this is your new
team philosophy?
What do you think?
I think this applies to
all of life, not just football.
Well, that's my point.
10 bucks if you can tell me who won
the state championship a decade ago.
Walker Jennings. No.
North Metro. Stop guessing.
You know it or you don't.
How about five
years ago? Richland?
That was three years ago.
You can't remember, can you?
Leads me to ask a
couple of questions.
What's the purpose of
this team? Win ball games.
Then what? We get a
trophy. People talk about us.
Maybe, for a while.
Then what? I don't know.
Get a scholarship, play for
college and coach Little League.
What are you getting at? You
think we're just wasting our time?
If our main goal is to win
football games, then yes.
You don't want us to win games?
No.
Not if that's our main goal.
Winning football games is
too small a thing to live for.
And I love football
as much as anybody.
But even championship trophies will
one day collect dust and be forgotten.
It's just that so far all
this has been about us,
how we can look good,
how we can get the glory.
The more I read this book,
the more I realize
life's not about us.
We're not here just to get
glory, make money and die.
The Bible says that
God put us here for him,
to honor him.
Jesus said the most important
thing you could do with your life
is to love God with everything
you are and love others as yourself.
So if we win every game and
we miss that, we've done nothing.
Football then means nothing.
So I'm here to present
you a new team philosophy.
I think that football is just one
of the tools we use to honor God.
So you think God does
care about football?
I think he cares
about your faith.
He cares about
where your heart is.
If you can live your faith
out on the football field,
then yes, God cares about
football 'cause he cares about you.
He sent his son Jesus to die
for us so we could live for him.
That's why we're here.
But, see, it's not just
on the football field.
We've gotta honor
him in our relationships,
in our respect for
authority, in the classroom,
and when you're at home
alone surfing the internet.
I want God to bless this team so
much people talk about what he did.
But we gotta give him
our best in every area.
And if we win, we praise him.
And if we lose, we praise him.
Either way, we honor him with
our actions and our attitudes.
So I'm asking you,
what are you living for?
I've resolved to give
God everything I've got,
then I'll leave the
results up to him.
I wanna know if you'll join me.
Your attitude's like
the aroma of your heart.
If your attitude stinks, it
means your heart's not right.
He sure is preachy
today. Mm-hmm.
What?
How's your attitude, Brock?
It's fine.
Then you'll be OK with
the death crawl, right?
Everybody on the goal line.
Get your partner. Let's go.
Let's go. Show me something.
10 yards. Move it. Let's go.
Matt, let's go. Let's go, Jonathan.
Show me something. 10 yards.
Show me some power. No knees.
Keep your knees off the ground.
Show me something. Here we go.
10 yards. Show me some muscle.
Show me some power.
Give me some heart. Let's go.
Very good, boys. Very
good. Let's run it back.
Man, that's not even
funny, dude. Yeah, it is.
So, Coach, how strong is Westview
this year? A lot stronger than we are.
You already written Friday
night down as a loss, Brock?
Well, not if I knew
we could beat 'em.
Come here, Brock.
You too, Jeremy.
Am I in trouble now? Not yet.
I wanna see you do the death crawl again
except I wanna see your absolute best.
You want me to go the 30?
I think you can
go the 50. The 50?
I can go the 50 if
nobody's on my back.
You can do it with Jeremy on your back,
but promise you're gonna do your best.
All right. Your best.
OK. You're gonna
give me your best?
I'm gonna give you my
best. All right, one more thing.
I want you to do it
blindfolded. Why?
I don't want you giving up at a certain
point when you can go further. Get down.
Jeremy, get on his back.
Get a good tight hold, Jeremy.
All right. Let's go, Brock.
Keep your knees off the ground.
Just your hands and feet. There you go.
A little bit left.
There you go.
Show me good effort.
Thataway, Brock.
You keep coming.
There you go. Come on, Brock.
Come on.
It's a good start.
Little bit left.
Little bit left. There
you go, Brock.
Good strength.
You gotta be kidding me.
That's it, Brock. That's
it. Am I at the 20 yet?
Forget the 20. You give me your
best. You keep going. That's it.
Don't stop. You got
more in you than that.
I ain't done. I'm
resting a second.
You gotta keep moving. Let's go.
Don't quit till you
got nothing left.
There you go. Keep
moving. Keep moving.
Keep moving, Brock.
That's it. You keep driving.
Keep your knees off the ground.
Keep driving it. Your very best.
Your very best.
Keep moving, Brock.
That's it. That's it. That's it.
Keep going. Don't
quit on me. Keep going.
Keep driving it. Keep your
knees off the ground. That's it.
Your very best. Don't
quit on me. Your very best.
Keep driving. Keep driving.
There you go. There you go.
That's it. You keep driving.
Keep your knees off the ground.
Don't quit till you
got nothing left.
Keep moving, Brock.
That's it. That's it. That's it.
Keep going. I want everything
you got. Come on, keep going.
It hurts. Don't quit
on me. Your very best.
Keep driving. Keep driving.
There you go. There you go.
He's heavy. I know.
I'm about out of strength.
Then find more strength.
Don't you give up on me, Brock.
You keep going, you hear me?
You're doing good.
You keep going.
Do not quit on me.
It hurts. I know it
hurts. You keep going.
It's all heart from
here. 30 more steps.
You keep going, Brock. Come on.
Keep going. It burns.
Let it burn. My
arms are burning.
It's all heart. You keep
going, Brock. Come on.
Come on. Keep going. You
promised me your best. Your best.
Don't stop. Keep
going. It's too hard.
It's not too hard. You keep
going. Come on, Brock.
Give me more. Give
me more. Keep going.
20 more steps. 20 more.
Keep going, Brock. Give
me your best. Don't quit.
No. Keep going. Keep
going. Keep going.
Don't quit. Don't
quit. Don't quit.
Brock Kelley, you don't quit.
Keep going. Keep going.
Go, Brock Kelley. You don't
quit on me. No, you keep going.
You keep going. Go, Brock.
10 more steps. 10 more.
10 more. 10 more.
Keep going. Don't
quit. Give me your heart.
I can't do it. You can. You can.
Five more. Five more.
Come on, Brock. Come
on. Don't quit. Don't quit.
Come on, Brock.
Two more. One more.
That's gotta be 50. That's gotta
be 50. I don't have any more.
Look up, Brock.
You're in the end zone.
Brock, you are the most
influential player on this team.
If you walk around
defeated, so will they.
Tell me you can't give me
more than what I've been seeing.
You just carried a 140-pound man
across this whole
field on your arms.
Brock, I need you.
God's gifted you with the ability
of leadership. Don't waste it.
Coach.
Can I count on you?
Yes.
Coach.
What is it, Jeremy? I weigh 160.
All right. Who's next?
Good practice, boys.
See you all tomorrow.
Hey man, for the
first time in a while,
I actually feel good
about Friday night.
Yeah? Why? I'm on board
with what you're doing.
If they get a hold of it,
it'll change their lives.
You count me in.
Grant, me too.
Yeah? Yeah.
I feel like I owe
you an apology.
I just want you to
know that I'm with you.
Thank you. See you tomorrow.
Need a ride, Matt?
No, my dad's coming.
Or at least, he'd better be.
Can I shoot straight
with you for a minute?
Sure.
I feel like you owe
your dad more respect.
Why? 'Cause he's your father.
You don't know him like I know
him. I don't have to know him.
You need to respect him.
It's the right thing to do.
You know, Coach, my
dad doesn't even like you.
He thinks the school
needs to find somebody else.
That's beside the point. Scripture
says to honor your parents.
All you do is complain.
All he does is boss me around.
He doesn't even try
to understand me.
Matt, you can't judge
your father by his actions
and then judge yourself
by your intentions.
It doesn't work that way.
You're not responsible for him.
You're responsible for you.
You honor God by
honoring your authority.
You really believe in all that
honoring God and follow Jesus stuff?
Yes, I do.
Well, I ain't trying
to be disrespectful,
but not everybody
believes in that.
Religion works for some people,
but I'm just here 'cause I
got kicked out of Westview.
Matt, nobody's
forcing anything on you.
Following Jesus Christ is a decision
you're gonna have to make for yourself.
You may not wanna accept him.
'Cause he'll change your
life. You'll never be the same.
I do hope one day you
realize how much he loves you.
I'll see you tomorrow.
OK, I'll get him. Just bring that
trash bag over here. Set it down.
Don't you let that touch me.
I'm gonna get him out of here.
Oh, man, he stinks. Ohh, I can't
believe that was in my house.
Just make sure it's still dead.
It's dead. It's probably
been dead for weeks.
Aw, there you go...
You just get it out
of here. Out. Out.
Stop being a... Come
here. Look at it. No.
It looks like a big hamster. Just
come here, come here. Oh. Uh-uh.
Don't be afraid. Just
face your fear. Look.
He's got a cute
little tail there.
He's just got a big stink.
Look. See his cute
little eyes there?
See his teeth?
Look at his teeth.
Almost looks like he's mad.
Ohh!
You're terrible!
I can't believe you did
that to me, Grant Taylor.
You are so bad.
Whoo!
David, right down the
middle. You got this.
Right, set it up. Run it again.
Sorry, Coach.
David, listen, son.
You act like you're gonna miss
before you even kick the ball.
See, we're gonna have to change
your whole kicking philosophy.
Now see, you're kicking
wide left or wide right.
But that ain't what's
gonna get you home.
The ball has got to
go through the middle.
I know, Coach. No, you don't.
What does Scripture
say about this?
Um...
Scripture says "Wide is the gate
"and broad is the way
that leads to destruction,
and many there be that find it."
Now, to us that's
wide left and wide right.
Wow!
"But narrow is the gate and
straight is the way that leads to life,
and few there be that find it."
Wow!
Anybody can kick it
wide left or wide right.
My mama can kick it
wide left and wide right.
But that ain't what's gonna
get you home. Come on.
It don't have to look pretty.
It don't have to look smooth.
It can look like a dying duck.
But the ball has to
go through the middle.
Oh, my word.
Now, David, you gonna have
to choose the narrow way.
That's the only path where
you will get your reward.
Now send this ball
through these pearly posts.
Set it up one more
time for me, Jonathan.
David, I've never
heard it that way before,
but there's a lot of
truth to what he's sayin'.
Let's see you kick it.
Yeah, that's what
I'm talking about.
Grant, are you not aware of
what's going on outside on the field?
What?
You might wanna
come check this out.
Mitch decided to bring his
Bible class outside today.
Matt Prater stood up and
accepted Christ as his Lord.
It was awesome. He started
confessing stuff from his life,
asking his friends
for forgiveness.
Next thing we know, Bob Duke
stands up and does the same thing.
Kids start breaking
up into groups,
they begin to
pray for each other,
they begin to ask for forgiveness
for sins they've committed.
This has been going
on for three hours.
How did you not know
what was going on?
♪ You never give up on me ♪
♪ No, you never give up on me ♪
♪ Though I'm weak,
you are strong ♪
♪ You told me I still belong ♪
♪ No, you never ♪
♪ Never give up on me ♪
Bless them in a special way.
Lord, I ask you to
lift them up to you.
♪ You never give up on me ♪
I ask you to bring
up a generation
that has a heart for you, Lord.
Coach.
I'm proud of you, Matt. I
need to talk with my dad.
I'd like to go see him.
I'll take you right now.
So what we've done here is
we've gained these four lots
by moving the retention
pond down here.
We could try and do that
through here if you want.
No. I like this. That's perfect.
Mr. Prater, there's
someone here to see you.
Sarah, I'm in a
meeting. It's your son.
Would you like me to
step out? No, it's OK.
Sarah, send him in.
Matt, you OK?
I'm sorry, Dad. I didn't
know you were in a meeting.
What is it, son?
Uh... Dad, I just wanted
to say that I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for the
way I've been acting.
I got right with God today
and I just needed to say
that from now on I'll
respect your authority.
Whatever you say goes.
That's it.
I could come back tomorrow
if that would be better for you.
No. It's OK.
I'm sorry. I...
For what it's worth,
I'd give my right arm to
hear my son say that to me.
I feel like I'm standing
before a new team tonight.
It's a new day and a new game.
What you've experienced in your hearts
this week will be released on the field.
Stay humble but confident.
Why don't you take
this one, Brock?
Lord, we know our lives
are not about football,
but we do thank you for
allowing us to play tonight.
We're gonna give you our best.
If we win, we'll praise you
and if we lose,
we'll praise you.
We'll give you all the honor
and the glory. Keep us safe.
Amen. Amen.
All right, guys. Look at me.
Play hard, have fun.
Hit.
Yeah!
♪ You can all call me crazy ♪
♪ For the things
that I might say ♪
♪ And you can laugh
all you want to, yeah ♪
♪ I know there will come a day ♪
♪ When we all will
come together ♪
♪ And learn to set
aside our hate ♪
♪ If we could learn to
love our neighbor, yeah ♪
♪ Just like we would
love ourselves ♪
♪ We've got to come together ♪
In the Old Testament,
Nehemiah had the task
of building a stone wall
around his city for protection.
But he didn't have enough
people or resources or time.
But because each person worked on
the stone wall in front of their house,
they got it done in record time.
That's what you're gonna do.
On defense you have to resolve
nothing gets by
you as an individual,
nothing gets by us as a team.
I need you to build
me a stone wall.
♪ You can call me a dreamer ♪
♪ But these dreams
will come true ♪
♪ And yes, I am
a firm believer ♪
♪ In the things that we can do ♪
♪ If we would all
just come together ♪
♪ And let the Lord
lead our way ♪
♪ There is nothing
that we can't do ♪
we can't face ♪
♪ We've got to come together ♪
♪ 'Cause in the end
we can make it all right ♪
♪ We've got to brave the
weather through all of the storms ♪
Let's go. Let's go.
Run through like
you're throwing yourself.
Come on. I wanna see some
hitting. I wanna see some hitting.
Dig those feet. You ain't on my
team yet. You ain't on my defense.
You gotta dig those feet. All
right, Prater. Get in there, boy.
Hit him a little
harder than that.
This ain't ballet practice.
This is football practice.
♪ We've got to learn to love ♪
♪ You know we've got to love ♪
♪ Know we got to, know
we got to learn to love ♪
David.
Double sweep
pitch lift. Pro 45 fix.
Man, even a 26 Powerhouse.
Man, these are some good plays.
Who's gonna run these plays?
We're gonna run 'em.
We got all type of potential
on this sheet. When?
We're gonna run 'em, I promise.
Yeah, see. You always
tell me you're gonna run 'em.
See, all my plays - you
don't wanna run my plays.
Hey!
Where's my car?
Where'd you park it? Right here.
You sure? 'Cause there
ain't no way it got stolen.
You couldn't pay
nobody to steal your car.
Did the boys do something
with it? I don't know.
Hey, man, there's a
note on this truck for you.
What does it say? Let's see.
It says "Grant Taylor,
"the impact you
made on our school
"means more to us
than you'll ever know.
"The Lord has used you
to meet a need in our lives
"and now we want to
meet a need in yours.
"You'll find the title of this
new truck in your name.
Please accept it as our
way of saying thank you."
Uh-uh!
Somebody done gave you a truck?
Man, this title got
your name on it.
You got to be kidding me.
Grant Taylor, somebody
done gave you a new truck!
This is my truck?
Is this just 'cause
you head coach?
'Cause I'm assistant coach.
You'd think I'd get a moped
out of this or something.
Oh, Lord, you've
given me a truck.
Well, it's your truck. Drive it.
Not a word to anyone.
Yes, sir.
That right. No
more jumper cables.
Brock. Brock.
You watch him. You watch him.
Sure.
Go. Go. Go.
Yeah!
Whoo! Whoo!
Yeah! Right there!
Whoo!
Yes, sir? Can I
help you? Please.
I'd like to buy a nice bouquet
of wildflowers for my wife.
I see. That's
awfully sweet of you.
Oh, yes. I've got a special
evening in mind for her tonight.
In that case, you need a card to
go with those flowers, don't you?
Oh, no. I've already
got the perfect one.
I'm gonna give it to her at her
favorite restaurant this evening.
Oh, really? I'm
sure she'll be happy.
Oh, she will.
So I need your nicest, largest
flowers, and money's no object.
Oh?
You see, I got a
raise today. You did?
$6,000. Are you serious?
Ya know, that's exactly the
way my wife's gonna respond.
Oh, Grant!
Oh, Grant.
That's awesome.
You know, you sure
got friendly service here.
Hello again. This is Lane
Lavarre, along with Dale Hansen,
coming to you tonight from
Princeton Heights Academy,
site of tonight's opening round
of the GISA football playoffs.
For the first time in a decade,
the Shiloh Eagles
are in postseason play.
Coach Grant Taylor's gonna
have his hands full tonight
as he takes on the Panthers,
who haven't lost
a game all season.
Huddle up. Stay sharp, stay
focused, play hard and honor God.
Eagles on three. One,
two, three. Eagles.
So, after an impressive record,
the Shiloh Eagles fall short tonight
in the first round of the GISA playoffs.
28 to 10 is the final
score, the Princeton
Heights Panthers take
it to the Shiloh Eagles.
I knew we were
gonna get killed tonight.
Your effort was good tonight.
You've got nothing
to be ashamed of.
You played hard.
The Shilohs had their
best season in a long time.
God's been good to us this year.
Guys, Coach is right.
We gotta praise God when we
win and praise him when we lose.
Let's take a knee.
Hey. Hey.
I wish by some miracle
we could have won tonight.
They worked too hard to walk
away with their heads down.
I was hoping God would give
us just one win in the playoffs.
They deserved it.
If you'd told me two months ago we'd
play Princeton Heights in the playoffs,
I would not have believed you.
Yeah. If you'd told me our
school was having a revival,
I wouldn't have
believed you either.
This ain't been a bad
year. Got the jerseys?
All 32 of 'em.
But I ain't ready to put 'em up.
I'm ready to go another round.
You and me both. Part of
me wanted to get to state.
To state? Grant,
are you serious?
Why not? As hard as they worked?
Working hard is one thing,
but to take this team to state?
That'd take an act of God.
Has he not been acting already?
He has, but do you know who's gonna
be waiting for whoever gets to state?
The Richland
Giants. That's right.
Bobby Lee Duke will be
there with his 85 players
ready to spank whoever made it to
the state playoffs to kingdom come.
I'm not afraid. I know you're
not afraid. 'Cause you ain't going.
Oh. By the way, man, some
man called looking for you today.
Who? Uh... Stan Shultz.
Stan Shultz? Yeah.
Stan Shultz. Isn't
that the cartoonist?
That's Charles Schulz.
No, I thought Charles
Schulz was that man
that flew across the ocean
in the Spirit of St. Andrew.
That's Charles Lindbergh,
and it was the
Spirit of St. Louis.
No, Lindbergh is a cheese. Limburger's
the cheese. Lindbergh's the man.
No, Lindbergh was that blimp that
blew up and killed all them people.
That's the Hindenburg.
No, Hindenburg is where
you go skiing in Tennessee.
That's Gatlinburg. Gatlinburg.
You mean like the country music
group, the Gatlinburg Brothers?
You guys are crazy.
Grant Taylor.
Well, Mr. Shultz, I was
told you were looking for me.
Yes. Am I sitting
down? Why do you ask?
Hey, Coach, what's
going on here?
Coach is on his way
to let us know. All right.
All right, everybody.
Bring it in.
I want you to know
I serve a big God
and he can do
whatever he wants to do.
He can open what he wants
to and shut what he wants to.
A team that plays for his honor
and glory will have his blessings.
Unlike those who try to
cheat their way to the top,
like Princeton Heights
did in last Friday's game
when they played two
ineligible 19-year-olds.
They have been disqualified
and we're in the next round.
Get your pads on
for practice, boys.
We're going to war
with Tucker Friday night.
Welcome to the
GISA quarterfinals.
Who would have thought we'd
be seeing the Shiloh Eagles tonight
in a contest against
the Tucker Tigers?
With Princeton Heights
being disqualified,
call this an early
Christmas present for Shiloh.
Offense, put in in the end zone.
Defense, build me a stone wall.
Eagles on three. One,
two, three. Eagles.
Blue, 18. Blue, 18.
Set. Hit. Hit.
David.
This is your field goal. It
belongs to you. Put it through.
David.
Hit.
Yes.
The Tucker Tigers are
nursing their wounds
as they face the
end of their season.
The Eagles, however,
have a little farther to fly.
All right. What kind of
sick are we talking about?
I dunno. I've just felt really
nauseous the last two mornings.
And then I feel fine again.
You haven't eaten
anything weird?
Not unless fruit
and cereal's weird.
Brooke, my gut says make
an appointment with the doctor.
I've been there three times this
year. It's getting embarrassing.
I'm just telling you what I would
do. You can even use my car.
With five seconds
left in the game,
the score still stands
in Oakhaven's favor
17 to 14 over the Eagles.
Grant Taylor calls
the play to Zach Avery,
who pulls the huddle together
for their last shot at going to state.
It's third down and goal for the
Eagles and the crowd is going crazy.
They line up in
an "i" formation.
This is do or die
for the Eagles.
Zach takes the snap and will give
it to Jacob... No, wait, it's a fake.
He's got Nathan Markle open in the
corner. The pass is up... He's got it.
Touchdown Eagles.
Zach Avery completely
faked out the defense
and made a perfect pass
to win the game 20 to 17.
Can you believe this?
The Shiloh Eagles are actually
headed to the state championship.
A team with only 32 players has
made it to the big dance. Oh, my.
On the eve of the GISA
football state championship,
the Richland Giants prepare to defend
their reign as lords of the gridiron.
It's no surprise they've
returned for this game.
What is surprising is
who they're playing,
the Shiloh Eagles, who
started the season 0 and 3,
have come out of nowhere,
and through a bizarre
set of circumstances
now face a team almost
three times their size.
Sleep at all last night?
Mm-mm.
Are you nervous?
It's a weird emotion.
Part of me thinks we're
gonna get crushed tonight,
part of me thinks God may
do something awesome.
Sounds like your fear's
about to clobber your faith.
Hm.
Something like that.
When are you going out there?
I might leave early,
if that's all right.
Don't worry about me. I'll
just meet you at the game.
OK.
Either way, you're still playing
for a state championship.
Hm.
Where's the duck? - Duck.
Zebra. Zebra.
Zebra. Cat.
Cat. Meow.
Meow.
There's the pig.
Brooke Taylor's here again.
Aw... Maybe she'll
be pregnant this time.
I hope so.
- You ready, son?
- I can't find my cleats.
They're right here by the door.
Oh, thanks.
Do you realize you're playing for
the state championship tonight?
I don't know why I'm so
nervous. I'm not even gonna play.
You know I'm proud of
you, don't you? Yes, sir.
Don't ever doubt it.
Whether you play or not,
I'll be there praying for you.
Thanks, Dad.
Let's go pick a fight
with some giants.
Here's the results
for B. Taylor.
Oh, I'll take that.
Ohh...
Negative? Yes.
♪ The secret of life ♪
♪ Is letting go ♪
♪ The secret of love ♪
♪ Is letting it show ♪
♪ In all that I do ♪
♪ In all that I say ♪
♪ Right here in this moment ♪
♪ The power of prayer ♪
♪ Is in a humble cry ♪
♪ The power of change ♪
♪ Is in giving my life ♪
♪ And laying it down ♪
♪ Down at your feet ♪
♪ Right here in this moment ♪
♪ Take my heart ♪
♪ Take my soul ♪
I will still love you, Lord.
I will still love you.
♪ And let all that
is within me ♪
♪ Lift up to you and say ♪
♪ I am yours and yours alone ♪
♪ Completely ♪
♪ This journey of life ♪
♪ Is a search for truth ♪
♪ This journey of faith ♪
♪ Is following you ♪
♪ Every step of the way ♪
♪ Through the joy and the pain ♪
♪ Right here in this moment ♪
♪ Take my heart ♪
♪ Take my soul ♪
♪ I surrender everything
to your control ♪
♪ And let all that
is within me ♪
♪ Lift up to you and say ♪
♪ I am yours and yours alone ♪
♪ Completely ♪
All right, God. You got us here.
Whatever happens,
may you get the glory.
Coach, what are you doing here?
You're at the state championship.
What do you think I'm doing here?
Any time a former player gets
this far, you know I'd be there.
It blows me away.
Well, how you feeling?
A little bit nervous.
This championship, it's
kind of surreal for me.
Yeah. I don't care what
level of ball you're coaching,
it's surreal when you make
it to the championship game.
Grant, I'm so proud of
you and what you've done.
I've been reading about the
team and where you've gone.
More than anything else,
I'm just proud of the fact
that you finally learned
how to win the big one.
We haven't played 'em yet. You won
the big one when you accepted Christ.
Now, as you're teaching
these guys and minister to 'em,
I think it's fantastic.
I got it. These players got it.
I promise you. Win or lose this
game, you guys are champions.
I appreciate that.
But while you're here, you
might as well win it, huh?
I'm gonna try my best.
This team we're
playing, they're huge.
They're fast, they're strong.
I just don't want my
players to be afraid.
Well, in God's word,
he said 365 different
times, "Do not fear."
If he says it that many times, you
know he's serious about it, don't you?
I guess so. I
needed to hear that.
Look. You're gonna do great
tonight. I know you're busy.
I'm gonna go up in those stands
and cheer you on. Good to see you.
All right. God bless you,
man. Thanks, Coach.
In about five minutes we
head out for the warm-up.
I wanna say two things.
Number one, I love
you and I'm proud of you.
I wouldn't trade this season
for anything in the world.
Secondly, you're about to play
the biggest team you've ever faced.
They're strong,
fast and undefeated.
So far.
But I want you to remember
where God has brought us.
I want you to remember
how hard you've worked.
We weren't supposed to have
a winning season, but we do.
We weren't supposed to advance
through the playoffs, but we did.
We're not supposed
to be here, but we are.
So if anything in you says this
is a losing effort, throw it out.
'Cause as I stand here, I believe
that as long as we honor God,
nothing is impossible.
Nothing.
Leave everything
out on the field.
Give your best to God tonight.
Whether we leave the
field the victors or not,
we will give God the glory.
Now, who will go fight
the Giants with me?
You've gotta be kidding me.
The Giants elect to receive
after winning the coin toss.
We're just seconds away from
the state championship game.
Dale, it is impressive that
Shiloh has made it this far,
but the field tonight
really looks lopsided.
It definitely does.
I'm looking at 85 players
on the Richland sidelines
as opposed to 32 for Shiloh.
Even if the Eagles
had great talent,
they can't bring in fresh
players like the Giants can.
That's really gonna
hurt in the second half.
Let's go, Joshua.
The Eagles kick it off and the state
championship game is under way.
Jerod House will receive the
kick and head down the field.
He gets a couple blocks
and breaks outside.
But the Eagles will take him
down around the 50-yard line.
The Giants will set up shop first
down and ten, in good field position
to start this state
championship football game.
Get out there.
Come on. Let's go, boys.
Wes Porter will call the play for
the Giants. He steps back to pass.
He's got Damien Fuller streaking
down the sideline. He lets it fly.
Fuller will take the
pass, untouched,
and the Giants strike early
here in the football
game with the first score.
Welcome to state
championship football.
Hey, man. This is
a whole new level.
They're quick off the line. We've
gotta stay further back. I know.
The Eagles will start this
drive at the 19-yard line.
Zach Avery drops back
to pass to Jeremy Johnson.
But the pass is batted
down by the Giants.
That's right. That's
the way we do it.
Avery hands it to Jacob Hall
who tries to run up the middle,
but gets absolutely nowhere
as he is swamped by defenders.
10, 10, hit, hit.
The Eagles look to pass,
but here come the Giants.
That's gonna force the Eagles into
a punting situation on fourth down.
Whoo! They're getting
desperate. Whoo!
Jerod House will receive the
kick and head down the field.
He breaks outside.
He's got some daylight.
OK. Ref, timeout.
After gaining eight yards, the
Eagles give up another sack.
They're gonna
have to punt it away.
Dale, so far it's
been all Richland.
I should not have
called that play.
They're all over us. Nobody's
open. They're knocking us around.
I know they are, but
they're getting cocky.
We cannot let them play their
game. Defense, blitz on first down.
We've gotta get them
off their rhythm. Let's go.
No.
Let's go, let's go,
let's go, let's go.
What universe are
you in? Get in the game.
So with a few seconds
left in the first half,
it looked as if the Giants were
gonna take a three-touchdown lead,
but after an
Eagles interception,
we've got a 14
to 7 football game.
We can't keep running our normal
plays. Their defense is killing us.
I agree. We cannot outmuscle
'em and we cannot outrun 'em.
We've gotta outsmart 'em.
Trick plays? Just enough
to keep 'em guessing.
You see another way?
We can't use 'em
too often, though.
They catch on, we're toast.
We're toast if we
don't get points.
We have gotta make it through the
fourth quarter and they got a deep bench.
We're still in this game. Good job on
the defense getting us on the board.
They thought this
would be a shutout.
We're gonna keep surprising 'em.
They've got power
and speed, they're big,
but they're also predictable.
We have gotta stay together.
We can't outrun 'em,
but we can outsmart 'em.
With the Giants leading 14 to 7,
we get set to bring you the second
half of this state football game.
Unless the Eagles can find a way
to solve Richland's size and strength,
the Giants could be taking home their
fourth consecutive state title tonight.
Make it work, Zach.
The Eagles come
out with a little trickery.
They're just about to
tie this football game.
Hustle, hustle. Come
on. Let's go. Let's go.
Make 'em pay,
boys. Make 'em pay.
Come on. That was dirty.
He's hurt.
Joshua Webster's
being helped off the field
with, we've been told,
a broken collarbone.
That came after a
late hit by the Giants
after the Eagles tied
the game at 14 apiece.
That was dirty. Calm down.
Josh is gonna be all right.
David, come here. You
gotta cover for Joshua.
I need 110%, OK?
All right, Coach.
Be the man. Let's go.
After a long drive,
the Giants score,
but the Eagles
prevent the conversion,
leaving this a 20
to 14 football game.
Why are they even
on the scoreboard?
They shouldn't
even be in this game.
For the rest of your life,
you will remember today.
I want you to remember
that you held nothing back,
you did not lose heart, you did
not stop fighting, you did not quit.
They're like little dogs
nipping at your heels.
Now get out there and stomp 'em.
That's what I'm talking
about. That's my defense.
Let's go, Eagles.
He's going for a pass.
There are seven minutes left.
The Eagles have shown the
determination of a school twice their size.
The Giants will now attempt a
35-yard field goal to extend their lead.
That is the last time
we go for a field goal.
We should be in the end
zone every stinkin' time.
Double flex wall.
And hit.
What are you doing?
Come on, let's go.
Let's go. Let's go.
Good job. That's my team.
Coach, I need a rest.
I can't go much more.
Brock, I need you on
that field. You have gotta
stay in the game. I
need you on the field.
Yes, sir.
David Childers is in to
kick for Joshua Webster.
We understand this
is his first season.
He's gone three
for four this season.
He's been limited
to short-range kicks.
Come on, David. You got this.
Yeah.
Timeout, ref. Ref, timeout.
Coach, I'm done. Someone
else has gotta lead.
Brock, this is when it matters
most. I know you're tired.
It's easy to lead
when you're strong.
But now is when
you lead us, right now.
Can you give me four more
downs? I just need four more downs.
Four more.
All right, come here.
This is our time and you've
got to put the nails in the coffin.
Look at me. We didn't fight this
far to give up in the last quarter.
Leave everything on the field.
And field goals,
they're not an option.
I need you for four more
downs. Who's with me?
Now get out there
and get it done.
With less than two minutes
left, the Giants stand on the verge
of their fourth straight
consecutive state title.
A tired Eagles team lines
up to face 'em yet again.
Stone wall. Stone wall.
Yes. Stone wall.
The Giants line
up first and goal.
This score will solidify
the state championship.
Wait a minute. He is stopped.
The Eagles are still showing
determination to fight this out.
Three more downs.
Three more.
You gotta hang with me. I know it's
getting tough. We gotta stop 'em here.
It's second down and
goal to go for the Giants.
The state title is
within their grasp.
Both of the stands are on their
feet as they get ready to run this play.
Wes Porter will take it. No, the
Eagles have stopped him again.
That's my team. That's my team.
Come on. Get it in the end zone.
Two more.
And here we go again.
They're gonna try it again.
Wes Porter will take the snap.
He's looking to pass into the corner.
But the Eagles bat down the pass.
The crowd is going nuts right now.
The Giants have been kept out of
the end zone on three straight plays.
Bobby Lee Duke will have
a big decision to make.
We have gotta
go for a field goal.
We are not going
for a field goal.
He's not taking
it. Brock, Brock.
One more down. One more down.
Fourth down and the Giants
are going for the touchdown.
This crowd is going
absolutely berserk right now.
They line up at
the one-yard line.
Wes Porter's
gonna take the snap.
Brock Kelley's gonna meet him
head-on... And there's a fumble.
The Eagles have the football.
He's at the 40. He's at the 50.
He's at the 40. He'll be run out at
the 34-yard line. Are you believing this?
With two seconds left, the Eagles
have got a shot at this football game.
We've got time for a Hail
Mary. The defense is too strong.
We can't run it.
That's our only option.
You gotta kick it, man.
David. I need a
51-yard field goal.
Coach, I can't kick that far.
They've stopped the pass all night.
You're my best option. The
furthest I've kicked is 39 yards.
There is no way I can
kick a 51-yard field goal.
I believe you can. Do the best
you can. Leave the results to God.
I need you on that field.
All right. Field-goal unit.
Grant, we've gotta throw
it. He can't kick it. It's too far.
No, it's not. What
are you doing?
I'm preparing for rain.
I don't understand this,
but with two seconds left,
the Eagles are putting the game in
the hands of a 145-pound backup kicker.
This is not a good move
on Grant Taylor's part.
He even has to
kick into the wind.
David.
He's not ready, Grant.
He don't think he can do it.
I don't have any more timeouts.
Call timeout, Bobby Lee.
This kid can't kick that
far. Call that timeout.
Call a timeout anyway
and let's ice him.
David, come here.
You're telling yourself
you're gonna miss this kick.
Coach, it's too far.
Listen to me. Do you think God
could help you make this kick?
Do you believe it, David?
Yeah, if he wants to.
So do I. Give me your best
and leave the rest up to him.
Will you do that for me?
David, whether you make this field
goal or not, we're gonna praise him.
But don't you walk off this field
having done any less than your best.
Can I help you? Don't touch me.
I'm standing for my son.
God, help me make this kick.
Take it now. Take it now.
Hit.
The kick is up. It's on its way.
It's long enough.
It's high enough.
Does it have the distance?
It does. It's good.
It's good. It's good.
The Eagles have won the state
championship. Thank you, God.
I can't believe
what I've just seen.
I cannot believe
A miracle has
occurred here tonight.
The Shiloh Eagles have defeated
the Richland Giants 24 to 23
to take the state title for
the first time in their history.
It's incredible. It's
absolutely unbelievable.
You are state champion.
All right. You guys, who's
the state champions?
OK. OK.
I got something to
say. David Childers.
Don't you ever let anyone
tell you that you're under par,
second-rate or inferior.
I just watched God do
a miracle through you.
I saw a field of Giants,
85 of 'em to be exact,
fall in defeat.
Now you tell me what's
impossible with God.
Nothing, Coach.
Zach, I just watched you and the offense
do what they said could not be done.
Tell me what's impossible
with God. Nothing, Coach.
Brock, how about it? You built that
stone wall, didn't you? And it stood.
Tell me what's impossible
with God. Nothing, Coach.
Scott, what's impossible
with God? Nothing.
Are you sure? 'Cause
those Giants are big.
They outnumber us three to one.
Are you sure there's
nothing impossible with God?
I'm sure, Coach.
Nathan, what's impossible
with God? Nothing, Coach.
Jonathan? Nothing.
Are you positive?
Positive, Coach.
So am I. So am I.
God can do whatever he wants
to do, however he wants to do it.
And he chooses to work in our lives
'cause he loves us, 'cause he's good.
Hope today's a milestone for what
he can do for the rest of your life,
if you trust him.
Let's spend some
time thanking him.
Well, look who just
walked in this house.
Couldn't be the state champion
coach Grant Taylor, could it?
'Cause he's not
supposed to live here.
He's supposed to be
out looking for a job.
God did it, Brooke.
He did it.
He gave me this job,
provided for our needs,
took away my fear.
He throws in the state
championship just 'cause he can.
It's been one of the
best days of my life.
The day's not over yet.
What do you mean?
Grant Taylor, I just want you to
know that you've made the team.
What team?
The daddy team.
We're gonna have a baby?
We're gonna have a baby.
You tell me, Coach Taylor,
tell me what's impossible
when God's on your side?
Oh, God. Oh, God.
I'm overwhelmed.
♪ Oh, what I would do to have ♪
♪ The kind of
strength it takes ♪
♪ To stand before a giant ♪
♪ With just a
sling and a stone ♪
♪ Surrounded by the sound
of a thousand warriors ♪
♪ Shaking in their armor ♪
♪ Wishing they'd have
had the strength to stand ♪
♪ But the giant's
calling out my name ♪
♪ And he laughs at me ♪
♪ Reminding me
of all the times ♪
♪ I've tried before and failed ♪
♪ The giant keeps
on telling me ♪
♪ Time and time again ♪
♪ Boy, you'll never win ♪
♪ You'll never win ♪
♪ But the voice of truth
tells me a different story ♪
♪ The voice of truth ♪
♪ Says do not be afraid ♪
♪ And the voice of truth ♪
♪ Says this is for my glory ♪
♪ Out of all the voices
calling out to me ♪
♪ Calling out to me ♪
♪ I will choose to
listen and believe ♪
♪ The voice of truth ♪
♪ You have been so good to me ♪
♪ How can I find the
words to thank you? ♪
♪ Healer of broken hearts ♪
♪ And broken dreams ♪
♪ Lord, I will never
cease to praise you ♪
♪ With you ♪
♪ All things are possible ♪
♪ Like an eagle, I can soar ♪
♪ With you, the giants fall ♪
♪ They rise no more ♪
♪ With you, I overcome ♪
♪ When fear and faith collide ♪
♪ There's nothing I can't do ♪
♪ Anything is
possible with you ♪
♪ I am constantly amazed ♪
♪ You are a God
forever faithful ♪
♪ As I look back on
my history of praise ♪
♪ Could I be anything
but grateful? ♪
♪ With you ♪
♪ All things are possible ♪
♪ Like an eagle, I can soar ♪
♪ With you, the giants fall ♪
♪ They rise no more ♪
♪ With you, I overcome ♪
♪ When fear and faith collide ♪
♪ There's nothing I can't do ♪
♪ Anything is
possible with you ♪
♪ No mountain is too high ♪
♪ There's no valley
that's too deep ♪
♪ You call on me
to walk my faith ♪
♪ So I will take the heed ♪
♪ Take the heed ♪
♪ With you ♪
♪ All things are possible ♪
♪ Like an eagle, I can soar ♪
♪ With you, the giants fall ♪
♪ 'Cause they rise no more ♪
♪ With you, I overcome ♪
♪ When fear and faith collide ♪
♪ There's nothing I can't do ♪
♪ With you ♪
♪ All things are possible ♪
♪ Like an eagle... ♪